welcome to another episode of cooking
with will yeah I'm gonna show you how to
make this famous trip to my famous chip
dip so I don't made a video a long time
ago about how to make a particular chip
dip this is a different one this is one
that is a lot more famous that I'm
making I figured I would share it with
you guys these are the ingredients that
we'll need you'll need some paste
chunky salsa 16-ounce noting distant 16
ounces yeah 624 ah so spot whatever it's
indifference and then you'll need some
Jimmy Dean regular sausage and you'll
need some Mexican Velveeta cheese before
you get started before you start
browning the sausage like I'm doing I
cut up the cheese and I put it in a
crock pot on high so it starts to give
melting while it starts to melt while I
brown the sausage and then you Brown
your sauce did you chop it up in a
little bit and mine's already cooking a
lot faster than I thought it was 42
don't eat this if you don't want to be
constipated for the next two days cuz
you won't shit for this whitey
hello how everyone is hating on this
Lady Gaga song I mean I like it it does
sound a lot like Madonna but I mean I
had a lot of friends who hated bad
romance when I came out and know the
week later they were singing a different
tune okay so now that we have brown one
package of Jimmy Dean sausage we're
going to strain it real quick but we
don't want any of that grease any more
grease
if dance around get our grease out of
there strain it we're going to pour it
into our crock pot with all the cheese
that has started to melt now the amount
of cheese that I put in there is two of
these packages sometimes they come in
bigger ones but I usually can't find
those so I just do two smaller ones and
that's just one jus medium package and
now we have to do the rest of it so open
the second package now you're browning -
oh yeah it's like I'm taking a shit out
of my hand
Brown this motherfucker
make a dance make a hop around a lot
get all that grease at because me and
one nut and a grease enough but wouldn't
upsetting us I'm still pissing a little
bit gotta love wills country isms
whenever still pissing a little bit what
and as well and I've already mixed it
around a little bit the cheese's started
to note a lot as well so imagine all
that shit in your veins with the meats
boycott we have some name movie' ten
cool points exactly name it you want to
make it less spicy if you just use
regular Velveeta but I fucking love
spicy foods not to mention you can also
change if you want it to be like mild
medium or I usually just get medium it
also sometimes I had a little Tabasco
and our yeah it makes even more spicy I
was going to tell also if you want to
have one yes we do it's in there for
sure I know there is yeah yeah I'm the
best stuff in Tabasco Chipotle if you've
ever been to a Chipotle they always have
these and we love them so much that we
always buy them at Publix and everything
and if you want to add like a smoky
flavor to your div you can just hit that
up but I think we're just gonna leave
this alone tonight
you want it to look a little bit like
this all the meats all mixed in and
everything and you have like a really
thick consistency when it slap it's all
like mixed in and you take one of your
paces the chunky woman is on sale
tonight that's why I got chunky usually
you don't want the chunky one you want
like the more liquid one but didn't help
fucking love this form one of those bad
boys
and four and a half of another way don't
we have a half one in the fridge or do
we yes do this amazing think so oh where
the hell there we go there it is ha ha
ha okay
ten points for RJ now here's the worst
part once you add in all of the picante
sauce you have to mix it and mix it and
mix it and mix it until you get the
final product which looks like zing this
right here is what the end product looks
like it's a really thick and but it's
really really really fucking good it
looks a lot like throw-up but I mean
like I said this shit will not let you
shit for weeks okay so this is Jordan he
is gonna try the dip although he's a
really picky eater was lucky yeah I'm so
picky let's see if nothing else
concoction yes moment of truth
and you've tried this Ernie yeah I love
it and I read this amazing yeah is it
like really on it it's like spicy hot or
too mature hot temperature huh
I don't think so shouldn't be too hard
is that it now
I could do it you could do it shut up
it's amazing and you know what it's
really good you like it then - yeah
that's amazing because he hates salsa so
the worst kind of anything anywhere
tomatoes really you only committed well
this you can't taste any tomato and
that's to meet you too much cheese but
you like it you actually like it I do
good like some good he's gonna hit a
bowl with some Tostitos what um Eric
likes to do is you'll get some pasta and
the wife speaking I'm having kawase I
made some dip what Eric did before is
he'll get some pasta and then help for
that of the pasta this one shit for a
week you won't be able to shake a shot
of you
what's the verdict it's delicious and
you know I feel like it's an orgasm
edible orgasm in a bowl yes
Jase what do you think it's pretty damn
good pretty damn good yes good my family
now like a month every time that we'll
visit our house now or there's like a
function he's expected to make this ship
- how did you make this it is uh just
watch the YouTube video I'm at the post